I'm tired after work， so let's go out to eat
What are we going to eat？
Indian food.
What time are we going？
Let's go at 6 pm.
It's usually crowded at 6pm， so make a reservation.
What's their phone number？
I'll look it up on the internet
Write down the number.
Hello,  is this the restaurant？
Yes， it is.
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 pm tonight.
How many people？
4 people. 2 adults and 2 children，
Are kids allowed？
Yes， they are.
What's your phone number？
"0123456789"
I'll see you later.
We should drive to the restaurant.
It takes 20 minutes to get there， so we'll leave home at 5：30pm
Be ready by then.
I think there'll be traffic because it's Friday.
We should leave a little earlier.
Let's leave at 5：15pm
There is a lot of traffic
I'm happy we left early
We got here faster than I expected.
Since we have time， let's get some gas.
Fill it up！
It's almost 6：00pm， we better hurry！